# Flower-Transformation-Code

----------------------
---SOFTWARE LICENCE---
----------------------

Copyright (c) 2020, Leandro Hirai

Modified from codebases found in following repositories
Zhu, J.Y., pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix. GitHub repository https://github.com/junyanz/CycleGAN   [accessed 28/07/2019]
Zhang, J.F, 2018. pytorch-deeplab-xception. GitHub repository. https://github.com/jfzhang95/pytorch-deeplab-xception [accessed 28/07/2019] 

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The name of Dylan Campbell may not be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DYLAN CAMPBELL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



---------------------
------IMPORTANT------
---------------------

The files have been copied directly from my computer. Libraries will require relinking to match your file structure.

The code was tested on mac OS and Python 2.7 which was not included.

Follow the directory structure recommended by the Mechatronics staff.

In addition, the datasets that were tested have not been included since they are too large. See Mark Whitty to access the datasets

---------------------
-----DESCRIPTION-----
---------------------
Description of python files to be executed

PreprocessImages: Resizes images and converts them to png as expected from the code

DatasetCreator: Expects you to create the folder structure of a VOC dataset and place the images in the JPEGImages folder. This code then automatically splits them into train and validation images, randomly shuffles them and creates
the required txt files on their required folders.

train: trains the GAN or Segmentation network in their respective folders.

test: tests the GAN or Segmentation network in their respective folders. Also outputs the desired images and stores them in an output folder by default.

---------------------
--------USAGE--------
---------------------

Start with GAN training
1) Arrange images into A and B image folders as required by the preprocessData.py file
2) Run the change directories in the preprocessData.py file to match your desired structure and run it.
3) For GAN training Run train using the line "python train.py --dataroot datasets/myData/ --cuda --size 256 --batch 4 --decay_epoch 30" or some variation you desire.

For segmentation training
1) Create the folder structure of a VOC dataset
2) Copy the images generated by the GAN in the output/B folder into the JPEGImages folder.
2) Run PreprocessImages
3) Run DatasetCreator
5) For segmentation training just run the python file, no need for added inputs.

---------------------
-------CONTACT-------
---------------------

If you have any questions regarding the implementation, please contact me at <z5015452@student.unsw.edu.au>
